Forward Identity SDK properties to 8.8 (#5662)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/identity/deployment/configuration-variables.md

| `KEYCLOAK_SETUP_CLIENT_ID`           | The client to use for authentication during setup of the provided Keycloak.         | admin-cli                                                                                                                                                                |
| `KEYCLOAK_URL`                       | The URL of the Keycloak instance to use.                                            | http://localhost:18080/auth                                                                                                                                              |

## Camunda Identity SDK configuration

> Below, find the names and values for the Identity SDK to ensure proper authentication and authorization with Identity and the Identity provider for all components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, find the names and values for the Identity SDK to ensure proper authentication and authorization with Identity and the Identity provider for Web Modeler and Optimize.
```

The overarching section is for Web Modeler, Optimize, Console. However, console for all I know does not embed the Identity SDK.
